Adding more Webots Simulation Tutorials (#3357)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Advanced/Simulators/Webots/Installation-Windows.rst

You can follow the `installation procedure <https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/installation-procedure>`_ or `build it from sources <https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/wiki/Windows-installation/>`_.

Alternatively, you can also let ``webots_ros2`` download Webots automatically.
This option appears when you launch an example of the package and no Webots installation is found.

Multiple Installations of Webots
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you have more than one installation of Webots, ROS 2 will look for Webots at the following locations (in this order):

1. If the ``ROS2_WEBOTS_HOME`` environment variable is set, ROS 2 will use the Webots in this folder, regardless of its version.
2. If the ``WEBOTS_HOME`` environment variable is set, ROS 2 will use the Webots in this folder, regardless of its version.
3. If none of the previous points is set/installed ROS 2 will look for Webots in the default installation paths for a compatible version: ``C:\Program Files\Webots``.
4. If Webots couldn't be found, ``webots_ros2`` will show a window and offer automatic Webots installation of the last compatible version.

Tasks
-----

1 Install WSL2
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> On Windows, WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux) allows to improve the user experience with ROS 2 compared to native Windows installation, as it runs on a Linux platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows, WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux) improves the user experience with ROS 2 compared to native Windows installation, as it runs on a Linux platform.
```

Install WSL with an Ubuntu version which is compatible with your ROS distribution and upgrade to WSL2 following the `official Microsoft tutorial <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install>`_.

2 Install ROS 2 in WSL
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Install ROS 2 inside Ubuntu WSL, following :doc:`../../../../Installation/Ubuntu-Install-Debians`.

3 Install ``webots_ros2``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> You can then either install ``webots_ros2`` from the official released package, or install it from the last up-to-date sources committed on `Github <https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots_ros2>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then either install ``webots_ros2`` from the official released package, or install it from the latest up-to-date sources from `Github <https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots_ros2>`_.
```

        Run the following command in a terminal.

        .. code-block:: console

            sudo apt-get install ros-{DISTRO}-webots-ros2

    .. group-tab:: Install ``webots_ros2`` from sources

        Create a ROS 2 workspace with its ``src`` directory.

        .. code-block:: console

            mkdir -p ~/ros2_ws/src

        Source the ROS 2 environment.

        .. code-block:: console

            source /opt/ros/{DISTRO}/setup.bash

        Retrieve the sources from Github.

        .. code-block:: console

            cd ~/ros2_ws
            git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots_ros2.git src/webots_ros2

        Install the package dependencies.

        .. code-block:: console

            sudo apt install python3-pip python3-rosdep python3-colcon-common-extensions
            sudo rosdep init && rosdep update
            rosdep install --from-paths src --ignore-src --rosdistro {DISTRO}

        Build the package using ``colcon``.

        .. code-block:: console

            colcon build

        Source this workspace.

        .. code-block:: console

            source install/local_setup.bash

> 

Reviewer: Nit: unnecessary spaces.

4 Launch the ``webots_ros2_universal_robot`` example
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> WSL doesn't support hardware acceleration (yet). Therefore, Webots should be started on Windows, while the ROS part is running inside WSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSL doesn't support hardware acceleration (yet).
Therefore, Webots should be started on Windows, while the ROS part is running inside WSL.
```
